(Ai)
Previously on Yu-Gi-Oh!VRAINS..
Where've you been, Lightning?
You couldn't hit me
up to tell me you're alive?
No, I couldn't
risk it.
Windy and I intend to
rebuild the Cyberse.
And we want you
to help us.
With one difference.
We have decided to
eliminate the humans,
so that they
cannot threaten us.
Are you serious?
Humans want to destroy us,
so we want to destroy
the humans.
It's nice and clean.
(Ai)
How about not fighting
each other at all!
You know, trying
to live together in peace?
Even your coexistence with
Playmaker will not last.
Can you honestly say you're
happier with him than with us?
(Playmaker)
Why does he have to choose?
Playmaker!
This world is big enough
for all of us,
both humans and Ignis, to live
together in harmony.
There are no sides.
And you can't
force me to choose.
So the only decision I'm makin'
is gettin' outta here.
Let's go, Playmaker.
(Lightning)
You know, we can't allow you
to leave after you've heard
our master plan.
(both)
Huh?
(both scream)
You.
Hah!
(Playmaker)
Varis!
(Varis)
I found you.
And you should know,
I'm not the only one here.
Now at my hands, your
very existence
is coming to an end.
Varis!
Are you here
to help us?
Of course not.
You see I only came
here to do one thing.
And that's to
destroy the Ignis.
Quite the introduction.
Then allow me to introduce
myself in return.
Watch yourself Varis!
(blast)
(electric spark
Hmm, seems he was ready
for your lightning, Lightning.
Didn't even faze or
daze him at all.
Unlike some other
fool that I know...
I came here prepared
knowing that you'd try
something underhanded.
Ah, is he talking
about me?
Who else
could it be?
(Windy)
I'm surprised you made it here.
You shouldn't be.
The Hanoi have eyes
all over the network.
You can hide from us, but
you can't hide from us for.
No, no, no, no, no.
I meant that you made it here
past my security detail.
Since I had Echo standing guard
to ward off all intruders.
Your so-called security's
not good enough
to guard an empty piggy bank.
My team's mopping
them up as we speak.
And now my MOTOR WORM SPREADER
QUEEN attacks you directly!
I summon... DARK MUMMY
SURGICAL FORCEPS!
Dissect ‘em!
Since you're a program,
you have no DNA
for me to analyze.
So there's nothing to stop me
from deleting you completely!
(blasting)
Now bloom!
SUNAVALON DRYANOME!
(chuckles)
It's been a while since
I was in a fight.
I forgot how much
I've enjoyed it.
(Varis)
I will carry out my
father's wishes
and undo his greatest
mistake by erasing the Ignis.
You have it backwards,
my friend.
If there's any mistake,
it is you humans.
That's enough!
I didn't come all this way
to have a philosophical debate
with a computer program.
You were gifted a whole
planet and all you do
is destroy everything you touch.
You can say the only good thing
humans ever created
was us Ignis.
And he wants to
destroy that too.
Shame, shame, shame, shame,
shame, shame, shame.
But it needn't be.
We don't need to fight we can
coexist in peace.
I would find it
more comforting
to see them in pieces.
Don't you realize that
your actions are only proving
that the Ignis are correct?
Hmm.
(giggles)
The Ignis want to eliminate us
because they believe that
we will do everything possible
to eliminate them first.
But if we choose not
to fight then
all of this can
come to an end.
And what, allow them to attack
us when our guard is down?
Don't be so naive.
I'm not.
It all comes down
to a matter of trust.
But that trust must be present
on both sides Varis.
Trust the Ignis?
Are you completely out
of your mind Playmaker?
(grunts)
I'm so curious to discover
what makes you think the Ignis
can actually be trusted?
Look at the position you'e
in they trapped you.
And if I didn't show up
when I did, they'd have
annihilated you by now.
And you trust them?
I know this
looks bad,
and I guess it is.
The only thing I trust
about the Ignis is that
they'll do whatever it
takes to destroy us.
And they can trust me to do
the same back to them.
No one believes in coexistene
except for you, Playmaker.
Not me, and certainly
not the Ignis.
So just stay out of this
and enjoy the show
from your bubble.
If you don't mind,
I'd like to be the one
to duel this Hanoi.
But if you do mind,
we can flip a coin
or pick a number
between one and pi.
Keep it sporting.
It's fine, Windy.
Okay, but don't be upset that
you'll never get a chance
to duel our biggest antagonist
because when I'm finished
with him, he's toast.
Poof. Gone.
Whatever, it doesn't matter
who I beat first.
Now, let's get this
duel started!
Real quick though,
before you get
to bashin' and thrashin' any
chance you'd rethink
poppin' these bubbles for us?
And let you out?
Why would I ever
want to do that?
But, um..
(Varis)
I'm here to destroy all the
Ignis and the last time
I checked, you're an Ignis.
But I'm not the Ignis that
wants to end humanity!
That's gotta buy me
an extra credit or two!
Oh c'mooon!
Alright then how about
I destroy you last.
Ahh?
Varis listen to me you
don't need to do this.
Playmaker, I've said it
before and I'll say it again.
You're not built to make the
tough decisions.
When things get tough,
you do nothing,
hoping for a peaceful resolution
that will never come.
You're wrong.
Sometimes doing nothing is the
toughest decision of them all.
(scoffs)
Then keep doing that because
you're doing it...
oh so very well.
And if you're still worried
about coexisting with the Ignis,
I'll alleviate those
concerns for you.
Because you won't have
to worry about coexistence
if I destroy them all..
and there's no one left
to coexist with.
Why are both sides
logically coming
to the worst
logical conclusion?
(Kotler)
I don't like this.
We haven't heard a single
peep from Playmaker.
He said he'd log out
if he ran into trouble.
The search could just be
taking some time.
(Flame)
Too much time
if you ask me.
I've thought of over six
million things that
could be going wrong.
And I've only been thinking
for a microsecond.
Yeah, I'd feel a whole lot less
worried if you can
go there and take a look see.
Teddy, are you
down for that?
Hmm.
Cool, to help you out I designed
an upgrade for your Duel Disk.
This program can temporarily
block off any shady algorithms,
including those of the Ignis.
Not that I'm worried about them
but you can never be too
careful.
I also took some time and
upgraded the video transmitter.
Hopefully this new tech will
break through any interference
so that I can see what you see
and help provide backup.
Right. Got it.
Well then Teddy...
be careful out there.
It's time to link
into the VRAINS!
(Flame)
What happened here?
(Kotler)
This doesn't look good.
Any sign of
Playmaker or Ai?
No but I'll keep looking.
(Flame)
Who or what could've
done such a thing?
Add that to the list
of mysteries Flame.
Aww glitch!
The duel's really
gonna start!
We gotta do
something Playmaker!
What exactly can we do when
we're trapped in here?
Now what to do, what to do?
Should I defeat you quickly
to end your misery or slowly
to savor your suffering?
I don't know.
Because neither option
will happen.
Let's duel!
(Windy)
I can't wait,
wait, wait to see
how the big
bad boogeyman duels.
Then you're lucky you
don't have to wait for long.
It's my turn!
I'll start by activating
my Field Spell BOOT
SECTOR LAUNCH.
It allows me to summon up to two
ROKKET monsters from my hand.
ANESTHROKKET DRAGON
and MAGNAROKKET DRAGON.
(computer chirping)
In addition, BOOT SECTOR LAUNCH
gives all of my ROKKET monsters
300 extra attack
and defense points.
(timer beeping)
Varis has all he needs
to Link Summon!
That's right!
So that's exactly
what I'm going to do!
I set ANESTHROKKET DRAGON
and MAGNAROKKET DRAGON
in the Link Arrows!
(laser shots)
I Link Summon!
Link 2 DILLINGEROUS DRAGON!
(computer chirping)
He's never ever summoned
that Link Monster before.
Interesting.
Next, I place two cards
facedown and end my turn.
I'm flattered that you mixed
up your strategies just for me.
I said flattered not impressed.
Because those opening moves
may be new
but they're basic
at best.
Then it should be no problem
for you to do one better.
Yes, clearly.
Allow me to demonstrate.
I draw.
When you have a monster
on your side of the field,
I'm allowed to summon STORMRIDER
GRIFFORE from my hand.
(computer chirping)
And how is that
move not basic?
What you call basic,
I call step one
of my creative process.
Which leads to step two:
When you have spell
or trap cards in play,
I can also summon
STORMRIDER HIPPOGRIFF
from my hand.
And if I have two monsters,
I can cyclone my circuit!
I set
STORMRIDERS GRIFFORE
and HIPPOGRIFF
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 2
STORMRIDERSHIP ROCKBUSTER!
(computer chirping)
Windy's Link Monster has
more attack points than Varis's!
Next on my agenda
I activate the Field Spell
STORMRIDER TURBULENCE!
It gives every STORMRIDER on the
field not one, not two,
but 300 attack points and that
increases my monster's attack
point advantage over yours.
And I follow that up by
summoning another STORMRIDER!
STORMRIDER HARPIARM!
And since it's a STORMRIDER,
STORMRIDER TURBULENCE
raises its attack
points by 300 also,
which I'm sure you
remember since
I did the same move
eight seconds ago.
But for a new move, I activate
STORMRIDERSHIP
ROCKBUSTER'S special ability.
When I have no spell or trap
cards in play,
if I summon a monster next to
ROCKBUSTER's link which I did.
I can destroy two of your spell
or trap cards.
Meaning those two right there.
Right in front of my eyes.
Yes. Those two.
Right there. Those ones.
Say what?
Judging by your poker face,
it seems you didn't
want that to happen.
(blasting)
My, oh my!
One of the cards was
MAGIC CYLINDER!
That would've wrecked me!
Emphasis on would've.
MAGIC CYLINDER not only stops
a monster's attack,
but it deals damage equal
to that monster's attack points.
So Varis was going to use
Windy's own monster against him.
I know it's
early in the duel,
but Windy's totally
outplaying Varis.
Like Beethoven on
the piano but better.
You're right.
But things can
change drastically
over the course
of a duel.
They can, they can.
They won't.
But they can.
I get the excitement of the
come-from-behind victory,
but you know why
you get excited?
Because it never happens.
But who do I want to win
this duel anyway?
If Windy wins,
the next thing he'll do
is storm up a Data Storm
to knock me into bits and bytes.
But if Varis wins this duel,
I know he's gonna frag me too,
sure I might be last but still.
So then who am I
supposed to root for,
when a bad guy fights a bad guy
and they both wanna destroy
the good guy?
Just accept the fact that no
matter who wins we lose.
I don't wanna!
I activate my trap
REVERSE ENGINEERING
the other trap card
you destroyed.
What?
(Varis)
By banishing it
from the graveyard,
REVERSE ENGINEERING's
effect activates,
returning a trap card that you
just destroyed back to my field.
And I'm also allowed to
use that trap card
this turn if I so desire.
You see..
You can't get rid of my MAGIC
CYLINDER that easily!
Hah..
Whoa! Plot twist!
Ah, so Varis had
that other trap card ready
because he anticipated that
Windy would destroy his
MAGIC CYLINDER.
They're both countering
their counters to their counters
to their counters!
(Varis)
What's wrong?
Not so eager to attack anymore?
(Windy)
Oh I'm eager
I'm just not foolish.
I'm eager to attack
not eager about taking damage.
Well you're going to have
to choose between the two.
Because I'm forcing you
to attack or suffer
the consequences.
Oh really?
(Varis)
If your monster doesn't attack
before the end of your turn,
DILLINGEROUS DRAGON's
special ability
automatically destroys it,
and you take damage equal
to your monster's attack points.
Now that's... just rude.
So if Windy
chooses to attack,
MAGIC CYLINDER
will deal him damage.
But if he doesn't attack,
DILLINGEROUS DRAGON
will deal him damage
and destroy his monster.
Both scenarios are lose-lose,
but one's more lose-lose
than the other.
The most logical option
is to attack, Windy.
But it's up to you.
Make your pick.
Attack or don't attack.
It makes no difference to me.
But it does for me,
oh yes it does,
so of course I'll attack.
STORMRIDERSHIP ROCKBUSTER!
Attack DILLINGEROUS DRAGON!
Very well then.
My MAGIC CYLINDER
negates that attack,
and you take damage equal
to ROCKBUSTER's attack points!
Windy's losin' 2300 life points!
No no, no I'm not.
Not since I have
STORMRIDER HARPIARM.
When you activate a trap card,
I can switch HARPIARM
to defense mode
to destroy that trap.
So all your work, all that toil
just gone in a breeze.
(blasting)
(grunts)
Now let's see what you have
left to protect your DRAGON.
Oh, nothing.
(bird screeching)
(blasting)
(timer beeping)
(electric whirring )
With that I end my turn.
And if your next turn
isn't better than your last,
it will be your last.
I was 100% sure that
Windy was gonna take damage,
but Varis took
the damage instead.
100%, really Ai?
You were only off
by about,
hmm a 100%.
Is this some new math
I don't know about
where you don't do calculations
with facts and evidence
and proof but with feelings?
As if a program such
as yourself would know
anything about feelings.
But if there's one thing
that I'll make you feel,
it's the power of my
next move! I draw!
My field spell BOOT SECTOR
LAUNCH activates,
allowing me to bring back
two ROKKET monsters
from my graveyard!
Rise up, ANESTHROKKET DRAGON
and my MAGNAROKKET DRAGON!
(timer beeps)
And when I resurrect
a ROKKET monster,
I'm also allowed to resurrect
DILLINGEROUS
DRAGON from
my graveyard.
And with this
I now have three monsters
on my field!
(computer chirping)
And with them
I manifest my circuit!
The summoning conditions are
three or more Effect Monsters!
So I set ANESTHROKKET DRAGON,
MAGNAROKKET DRAGON
and DILLINGEROUS DRAGON
in the Link Arrows!
And I Link the circuit!
I link Summon!
Link 4!
BORRELOAD DRAGON!
(electric whirring)
(computer chirping)
(Varis)
I Link Summon!
Link 4.
BORRELOAD DRAGON!
(computer chirping)
And this is one monster
that you can't counter!
Au contraire, that's French
for nuh uh uh you're wrong.
BORRELOAD DRAGON
is a Link 4 monster
which is exactly what I
hoped you would summon.
What?
(Windy)
What I'm saying, old dog,
is you have no new tricks
so I can predict your moves.
And that means
I can counter them!
When you summon a Link Monster
that's Link 3 or higher,
I can activate STORMRIDERSHIP
ROCKBUSTER's special ability!
My avian associate steals
one of your trap cards
from your graveyard and places
it on my side of the field
so that I can use your
very own trap against you.
(startles)
I'm losing count of how many
counters Windy countered with.
(Windy)
The trap I'm taking is
MAGIC CYLINDER of course.
(grunts)
So now you'll be the one
who takes damage if you attack.
And to think, you wouldn't
be in this position
if you hadn't made the
exact moves that you made.
One mistake after another,
after another, after another.
You think?
Come again?
(Varis)
BORRELOAD DRAGON
has a special ability
that lowers a monster's attack
and defense points by 500.
Who cares?
You should, because when
BORRELOAD ‘s ability activates,
you can't use any
effects against it.
How's that helpful?
Because of timing.
If Varis uses that ability
right when BORRELOAD
DRAGON attacks, then Windy
will be unable to use
MAGIC CYLINDER against it.
You kept claiming to have
the upper hand,
but in reality, you've just been
playing directly into my hands.
So, I'm done for?
Clearly, I am bringing this duel
to an end along
with your very existence!
(chuckles)
(sighs)
(laughs)
I can't hold it in anymore.
I was trying but I just can't!
Because you're so clueless!
You can't win because I have
STORMRIDER TURBULENCE's effect!
If your Link Monster
has more Link Arrows
than my ROCKBUSTER
which it does 4 to 2
your monster's special
abilities are negated
until your next turn!
And STORMRIDER TURBULENCE
has another effect!
If I have a STORMRIDER
in the Extra Monster Zone
which I wouldn't bring
up if I didn't,
you're required to attack
that STORMRIDER!
That means BORRELOAD DRAGON
has to attack!
And Windy can activate
MAGIC CYLINDER
to redirect the damage
back to Varis.
(Windy)
Yeeeesss.
3000 points worth of damage.
Now carry on, carry on.
We're all waiting for you
to smack your own life points.
So be it.
I have no choice but to attack
with my BORRELOAD DRAGON.
(mechanical whirring)
And I have no choice but to
activate my trap card
MAGIC CYLINDER to send your
blast back to you!
(blasting)
(electric whirring)
(timer beeping)
He's down to 300 life points!
(grunts)
You're so lackluster
for all the bluster you muster.
What did you say about
destroying all the Ignis?
The only thing you're good at
is destroying yourself!
(Varis)
Is that what your
calculations tell you,
you program?
I'm going to teach you that
I'm not one that can be
solved by a mere equation.